Statement 1:
My name is Amanda Wells. On Tuesday afternoon around 3:30pm, I was walking my dog in the park when I heard a child scream. I looked over and saw a man grabbing a young boy who looked about 10 years old. The boy was yelling "Help, help!" but the man put his hand over the boy's mouth and dragged him towards a white van. He forced the boy into the side door of the van and then got into the driver's seat and quickly drove off. I immediately called 911 to report what I saw. I really hope they find that poor boy.

Statement 2:
My name is Mark Jones. On Tuesday around 3:45pm, I was driving down Elm Street when I noticed some commotion in the park. I pulled over and saw a man pulling a young boy into a white van. The boy was crying and trying to get away but the man was too strong. He shoved the boy into the van and sped off. I tried to get the license plate number but couldn't see it clearly. The boy looked about 10 years old with brown hair and a red shirt. I called 911 and reported the incident as a likely kidnapping. I hope they find him soon.

Statement 3:
My name is Sarah Davis. I was in the park with my children on Tuesday afternoon when I witnessed a kidnapping. Around 3:30pm, a man in a black hoodie grabbed a young boy who was playing on the swings. The boy screamed "Let me go!" but the man covered his mouth and dragged him toward a white van parked nearby. He forced the boy into the van and drove off quickly. The boy appeared to be about 10 years old with blond hair and was wearing a blue t-shirt. I immediately pulled out my phone, dialed 911, and told them what I saw. I hope the police can rescue that poor child.

Statement 4:
My name is Jack Wilson. On Tuesday at approximately 3:35pm, I witnessed a kidnapping at the park on Oak Street. I saw a man wearing a black ski mask jump out of a white van, grab a young boy off the sidewalk, and force him into the van. The boy looked about 10 years old with brown hair and was crying for help. I yelled at the man to stop but he drove off quickly with the boy in his van. I called the police immediately and reported the license plate number as ABC-1234. I really hope they find that kid soon. The police need to catch this criminal.

Statement 5:
My name is Lisa Chen. I was walking through the park on Tuesday afternoon when I saw a frightening scene. A man in a gray sweatshirt and jeans was forcibly dragging a young boy toward a white van. The boy was screaming "Help me!" but the man put a hand over his mouth and shoved him into the side door of the van. The boy looked about 10 years old with sandy blonde hair. I tried to intervene but the man drove off in a hurry before I could do anything. I immediately took out my cell phone and called the police to report the kidnapping. I really hope they can find the boy and arrest whoever took him. It was an incredibly disturbing thing to witness."
